Remove IncrementalTaskInputs from the docs (#21472)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_7.adoc

The legacy `ArtifactTransform` API has been removed.
For more information, see <<old_artifact_transforms_api>>.

==== Legacy IncrementalTaskInputs API

The legacy `IncrementalTaskInputs` API has been removed. For more information, see <<incremental_task_inputs_deprecation>>. This change also affects Kotlin Gradle Plugin and Android Gradle Plugin. With Gradle 8.0 you should use Kotlin Gradle Plugin 1.6.10 or later and Android Gradle Plugin 7.3.0 with `android.experimental.legacyTransform.forceNonIncremental=true` property or later.

=== Potential breaking changes

==== Minimal supported Kotlin Gradle Plugin version changed

> With Gradle 7.x Kotlin Gradle Plugin 1.3.72 through 1.6.21 were tested and supported.
> With Gradle 8.x minimal Kotlin Gradle Plugin tested and supported version is 1.6.10.
> It is still possible to compile to lower Kotlin language version, by modifying language version and api version setting for the Kotlin compile task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle 7.x supports Kotlin Gradle Plugin 1.3.72 and above. Kotlin Gradle Plugin versions above 1.6.21 are not tested with Gradle 7.x.
Gradle 8.x supports Kotlin Gradle Plugin 1.6.10 and above.
You can use a lower Kotlin language version by modifying the language version and api version setting in the Kotlin `compile` task.
```
Suggestion: Use active voice and parallel wording to make these changes easier to understand.

==== Minimal supported Android Gradle Plugin version changed

> With Gradle 7.x Android Gradle Plugin 4.1 through 7.3 were tested and supported.
> With Gradle 8.x minimal Android Gradle Plugin tested and supported version is 7.3 with `android.experimental.legacyTransform.forceNonIncremental=true` property.
> Android Gradle Plugin 8 and later don't require additional property to work with Gradle 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle 7.x supports Android Gradle Plugin (AGP) 4.1 and above. AGP versions above 7.3 are not tested with Gradle 7.x.
Gradle 8.x supports AGP 8 and above.
Gradle 8.x supports AGP 7.3 and above if you configure the following property:
`android.experimental.legacyTransform.forceNonIncremental=true`
```

Suggestion: Active voice and parallel wording, as above. Reorder version support to mention the default supported version first, and the strings-attached support second.
